OADP-3904: fix and update the velero commands in openshift doc for [d… (#74658)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-self-signed-certificate.adoc

Reviewer: This is out of scope so I won't hold up merging over this, but this procedure needs a `.Procedure` title at the beginning of it, above the first step on line 53. Just something to keep in mind if you have the time to fix this in a separate PR.

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ velero backup describe  <backup-name> --details --cacert /tmp/your-cacert.txt

Reviewer 2: It should be velero describe backup.
```suggestion
$ velero  describe backup  <backup-name> --details --cacert /tmp/your-cacert.txt
```

> $ velero  describe backup  <backup-name> --details --cacert /tmp/your-cacert.txt

Reviewer 2: Just a small suggestion 
```suggestion
$ velero describe backup  <backup-name> -n <oadp-namespace>--details --cacert /tmp/your-cacert.txt
```

> $ velero  describe backup  <backup-name> --details --cacert /tmp/your-cacert.txt

Reviewer 3: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#user-replaced-values

> Separated by underscores (_) for multi-word values

```suggestion
$ velero  describe backup  <backup_name> --details --cacert /tmp/<your_cacert.txt>
```

> $ velero  describe backup  <backup-name> --details --cacert /tmp/your-cacert.txt

Author: ```suggestion
$ velero  describe backup  <backup_name> --details --cacert /tmp/<your_cacert>.txt
```

> $ velero  describe backup  <backup_name> --details --cacert /tmp/<your_cacert>.txt

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
$ velero describe backup <backup_name> --details --cacert /tmp/<your_cacert>.txt
```

Assuming that the double spacing is not semantic. ;)

----

> . You can use the logs to view failures and warnings for the resources you cannot back up. To fetch the backup logs run the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
.To fetch the backup logs, run the following command:
```

> . You can use the logs to view failures and warnings for the resources you cannot back up. To fetch the backup logs run the following command:

Reviewer 4: Could structure this as:

```
.To fetch the backup logs, run the following command:
# ...
You can use these logs to view failures and warnings for the resources that you cannot back up.
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ velero backup logs  <backup_name>  --cacert /tmp/<your_cacert.txt>
----

> 

Author: ```suggestion
+
You can use these logs to view failures and warnings for the resources that you cannot back up.

```

> . To fetch the logs for this specific backup, which are useful for viewing failures and warnings, including resources that could not be backed up, run the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. You can use the logs to view failures and warnings for the resources that you cannot back up. To fetch the backup logs run the following command:
```

> $ velero backup logs  <backup-name>  --cacert /tmp/your-cacert.txt

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ velero backup logs  <backup-name> -n <oadp namespace> --cacert /tmp/your-cacert.txt
```

> $ velero backup logs  <backup-name>  --cacert /tmp/your-cacert.txt

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
$ velero backup logs  <backup_name>  --cacert /tmp/<your_cacert.txt>
```

Reviewer 4: @anarnold97 Something like this change still needs to be applied.

> $ velero backup logs  <backup-name> -n <oadp namespace> --cacert /tmp/your-cacert.txt

Author: ```suggestion
$ velero backup logs  <backup-name>  --cacert /tmp/your-cacert.txt
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ velero describe backup <backup_name> --details --cacert /tmp/<your_cacert>.txt
----

> .To fetch the backup logs, run the following command:

Reviewer 5: This needs a space to be treated as a step. It also renders incorrectly in your build preview. 
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/46728411/242e83ee-fe77-4fdc-acf7-03ae69e127e8)

Author: Updated and squashed

> .To fetch the backup logs, run the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
. To fetch the backup logs, run the following command:
```

> .To fetch the backup logs, run the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
. To fetch the backup logs, run the following command:
```
